[docs] Convention Server Open API  spec (#74)
vmware-tanzu/cartographer-conventions: docs/design.md

In the future other mechanisms may be defined to provide conventions other than webhooks. In particular, mechanisms that are safe to execute within the controller process like a YTT overlay or WebAssembly. Each mechanism will define the specifics of its own contract similar in scope to the `PodConventionContext`.

#### Webhook Helper Library  

> An extentions author can provide a set of conventions to the conventions controller in various ways. One way to do this, is by creating a webhook which can be written in any programming language. See the [Open API Specification](/api/openapi-spec/conventions-server.yaml) that defines how to to create your own conventions server. Applied conventions defined in the conventions server implementation created by a extensions author need to be defined as pure functions.
> 
> _Go Spring Boot example_
> 
> In the`go` [springboot conventions example](/samples/spring-convention-server/) implementation provided in the `/samples` directory, the author has defined a set of conventions to be applied to a spring boot application using a webhook which is registered as follows:-   
>   ```
>   http.HandleFunc("/", webhook.ConventionHandler(ctx, addSpringBootConventions))
>   ```
>   The convention controller handler function expects a `context Context` and applied conventions which are provided as a function called `addSpringBootConventions`. This function defines conventions to be applied to any springboot application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extentions author can define convention by creating a webhook server which is registered with the controller via the `ClusterPodConvention` resource. The webhook server can be written in any programming language. See the [Open API Specification](/api/openapi-spec/conventions-server.yaml) that defines how to to create your own conventions server. 

Go developers can use a [helper library](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/vmware-tanzu/cartographer-conventions/webhook) that streamlines handling the http response for the webhook.
```

In the future other mechanisms may be defined to provide conventions other than webhooks. In particular, mechanisms that are safe to execute within the controller process like a YTT overlay or WebAssembly. Each mechanism will define the specifics of its own contract similar in scope to the `PodConventionContext`.

> #### Webhook Contract 

Reviewer: Emphasize this section defines one way to implement a webhook, but is not the only way. Another option is to move this content into a `doc.go` file in the webhook package. And use the samples to show how the helper library is actually used.

```suggestion
#### Webhook Helper Library 
```
